---
layout: post
title:  "coffee"
date: 2025-08-08
---

When Starbucks started requiring all their baristas to write a message on every cup, I honestly found the whole thing pretty depressing. 

The employees, who are already having to scramble to keep up with the morning coffee rush, now have the added requirement of trying to come up with a unique message for each customer, all without slowing down *too* much; lest they face the wrath of Robert, the impatient commuter, who WILL send a formal complaint about their mobile order being 60 seconds later than expected. 

Somewhat understandably, on most mornings when we do our morning coffee order, I usually find nothing but a hastily scribbled heart scribbled on the side of my cup. Which is totally fine by me. I don't know this barista, they don't know me, and they're being forced to attempt a heartfelt gesture due to a corporate mandate. I kind of cheer them on for putting in the minimal amount of effort into this, taking back whatever little bit of power they can in this situation.

...

I'm gonna be honest, this week sucks. Yesterday sucked, and the day before wasn't much better. 

No matter what I do, it seems like I can't keep up with everything. My room is a mess, my family is getting frustrated at my lack of contribution to housework, and meanwhile I'm trying to make an album, work on time-sensitive programming projects, keep up with expected social engagements, and somehow figure out my entire goddamn career.

I very frequently fantasize about having a little switch I could press on the side of my head, where I could temporarily turn off all my emotions and become a robot. A perfect machine. Just sit down and, without thinking too much, without feeling too much, without overwhelming myself, perform the task that needs to be done. 

I would be so much more capable, so much more successful. It'd be easy to find work. People would be happy with my output, and then - when I'm done working for the day, I could turn the switch back, and be myself again. go launch VR or something, spend time with my friends. Fully experience the things I love without guilt, without shame, because I know I've done what I needed to for the day.

It'd be nice...

Unfortunately, despite my best efforts, I'm still always a thinking, feeling human. Like, full-time. 

Instead of sitting down and working on what I need to, I've sat here hunched forward at my desk for an hour, staring straight down at my legs that I didn't have the energy to finish shaving, surrounded by empty cans and scattered papers and dirty clothes - feeling so deeply, intensely frustrated with myself for not being able to do more.

It feels like I shouldn't be complaining. I mean, I don't have that much on my plate, right? Right now, in other parts of the world, there are millions of people out there living in war zones, going through literal hell. I'm not at risk of losing my home. I'm in a safe environment. I have friends and family who are supportive of me. All I'm doing is writing code and talking to people on a screen. I'm choosing to do all these little things that are stressing me out, right? So I should just be able to suck it up, turn off my brain and do what needs to be done. 

But it just doesn't seem to be working out that way. 

I want to work myself into the ground. I want to push myself to my limits. but my emotions prevent me from doing that. I know I'm capable of doing nearly anything if I truly commit the time to it, but it's those damned feelings that always just get in the way.

...

I keep myself so busy that I barely leave the house these days. While I was at home, my grandmother went out to buy coffee for the household, at 8 AM sharp. 

8 AM is peak busyness at a coffee shop. I can imagine the store filled with dozens of people staring at the baristas and impatiently tapping their feet. I wouldn't blame the workers at all for just scrawling a quick heart to get through things.

I had been drinking my coffee for a bit - I was about halfway through. I had been hunched over deeply at my desk, staring down at my legs in frustration, when I reached for my coffee again... and noticed something when I glanced at it. 

Instead of the usual haphazardly scribbled heart, someone had written a cheesy pun in sharpie:

...

> "You can brew it!"

...

So.... like....

If I were to sit here and be an armchair pun analyst, I'd say this is probably a B tier pun, at best. 

It's a coffee-based pun on the side of a coffee cup.

...

But... god damn it. 

Even though I hate the premise of this corporate mandated cup-writing thing,

this silly pun, this little bit of encouragement 
from a person who doesn't even know me,

poked a tiny hole through my cynicism

and made me feel

maybe just

a little bit better, a bit more hopeful

.

although it's small, it's frivolous,

honestly, 
i kind of needed anything right now